>> David Khourshid: Okay, so in this
exercise, we are syncing with an external
store, and
this external store is responsible for
showing us a bunch of flight information.
And it updates every second or so.
You could see that some of
the statuses are changing,
some of the gates are changing.
This is a very chaotic airport
that we're modeling over here.
And what's happening is we're subscribing
to this store to get these flight updates.
The way that we're doing that is we're
using useEffect to subscribe to this
flight store, and we're setting the
flights and putting them in use date and
then we're returning the flights.
So just to get used to
USYNC external store,
I want you to take a couple of minutes and
refactor this so
that instead of UseState and UseEffect,
we use the USYNC external store hook.
All right, so let's refactor this.
We're going to use SYNC external store.
And again,
it's going to take three arguments.
The first one is a way to
subscribe to the flight store.
And so we could just pass subscribe here
because looking at the implementation,
we already have like this way of
subscribing and unsubscribing.
So whenever we get new data,
it's going to basically add the callback
to the listeners and
then call those listeners.
So we get those flights and we also
have a way of getting the snapshot.
So flightStore.getSnapshot.
And since the snapshot is going to be
the the same whether it's the client or
server, we could also safely pass
in this snapshot for here as well.
And typically when you're using this with
external systems and not browser APIs,
you'll realize that the client and the
server snapshot are going to be the same.
So the return value of here
is what we're subscribing to.
So we could say const
flights equals USYNC external
store with all of that data,
and we're going to see
that the end result is pretty
much exactly the same.
So we're still subscribing, but we have
a much more concise way of doing that.